## Member-production-drawing-generation-for-steel-modular-buildings
### Steel modular building has been widely used in the field of construction engineering because of its fast construction speed, good engineering quality, environmental protection and energy saving. However, its deepening design process is time-consuming and labor-intensive, requiring manual drafting and layout adjustments for a large number of manufacturing drawings of different categories of members. To address the problem, a data-driven intelligent generation method for member production drawings in modular buildings is presented. Firstly, a JSON-based hierarchical data representation framework is proposed to express and manage building member information. Secondly, the three-view drawings of components are generated by the graph theory-based visible surface depth sorting and projection method. Thirdly, using image grid-based feature extraction and distance-based clustering methods, the sectioning position breaking and categorized section view generation for slender components are achieved. Lastly, an adaptive dimensioning method for members is developed, and meanwhile, the hole information is also recognized and annotated. Moreover, a rule-based method for view layout and scaling ratios is performed, considering extensive expert experiences. The results of two real cases demonstrate the feasibility and automation of this framework, which integrates cross-disciplinary tasks including data representation-deepening drawing generation. It significantly reduces data processing time in the member manufacturing stage and provides a reference for promoting information collaboration and the digitalization level in the production design of modular buildings.

### Data
### 1.Standard Module CAD
### 2.Standard Module IFC
### 3.Standard Module JSON
